soundly high quality and beautiful such thoughts
arise when they first see that
this car
Chinese origin whose
Kim gives only a cog in the rest
you are surprised
how far the heavenly engineer went
quality assembly tight fit
elements of the exterior and interior 50 small
nuances make you wonder jerk
Chinese car industry
measurements of the dinar on the exterior can
say thank you 3 dalton they managed
impossible to make a look memorable
and no less stylish
than classmates come from Europe
under the hood at Kim's motor Sino
Austrian production volume
one and three tenths
he has worked well throughout
chery rulers for their simplicity and
low fuel consumption
last thing
paramount for urban
small car
Equally important equipment
and here everything is active at the highest level
equipment includes 7 8
two front airbags
full power receiver hiddink
three of them are huge
parking sensors alloy wheels
so the decision objectives for the transport of kikteva
groups of tons of cargo
air conditioning naturally there
bundling cost is
only 279 thousand rubles
value for money flour but
perhaps one of the best among
chinese cars
for other competitive
advantages in mind design maneuverability
economy and turn to the economy
they can already from the moment of purchase
any television story is just
notes about
nothing replaces a full-fledged personal
congratulate him for which you can
enroll in the car Azov